=== CHUNK 85 de 195 ===
=== Caracteres: 2839 ===

to a meeting to dislodge stubborn thoughts
or a lack of thinking.
2.Clichés can hold truths that merit your attention, but to use
a cliché in public is not a creative act because clichés

[PÁGINA 308]

already exist and creativity combines things in ways that do
not exist.
3.Find the Human Problem and Solve the Human Problem.
4.The 5 Whys is a systematic questioning method whose
simplicity belies its strength.
5.The point is to explore the problem and use the problem to
reach a more effective, possibly more audacious, solution.
6.This will create five boxes. You can then start at the top or
the bottom of the paper and push people from symptom to
problem.
Chapter 48 | Quotes From Pages 418-422
1.Insights are life and death.
2.To stay alive to keep people alive, insights must defeat
other insights.
3.Insights pose problems. When people catch them, they ask
themselves, 'If this is true, what am I to do about it?'
4.Insights are play.
5.The difference between an idea and an insight is that an
insight will make us reorganize our lives.

[PÁGINA 309]

6.Insights smell like ideas.
7.A lateral thought pushes together things that do not usually
exist together in useful ways.

[PÁGINA 310]



[PÁGINA 311]

Chapter 49 | Quotes From Pages 423-433
1.Insights are not numbers. They are why the
numbers exist.
2.Insights are not reports. They combine data from reports
into statements about humanity.
3.Insights are not judgments. They are not outsiders damning
a group of people with their own self-importance.
4.The brevity of insights is what ensures they can last a long
time.
5.All insights are data-driven.
6.Many people do not want to have to think about this or do
not want others to think about this.
7.To pretest any of this without its live context is to pretest
air, and air isn't bulletproof.
8.There is an art to insights.
9.The strategy community self-flagellating about caring
about insights—makes insights difficult.
10.Before I learned the art, a punch was just a punch, and a
kick, just a kick.

[PÁGINA 312]

Chapter 50 | Quotes From Pages 434-443
1.Insights can name hunches. They offer words for
thoughts that have loitered in people’s minds, and
their appearance makes people say, 'That was on
the tip of my tongue, but you put it in a way I’m
going to steal.'
2.By naming things, insights give humans meaning. Meaning
gives people structure. Without some kind of structure,
people flail and flounder.
3....it takes more strength to open the cage.
4.Insights give people common ground, but many insights
initially stay private.
5.Insights are wetty warmers for the brain.
Chapter 51 | Quotes From Pages 444-451
1.I haven’t achieved enough to go bald" is a Lurker
for many men.
2.Our donors aren’t arguing enough about how much to
donate.
3.Trying to define yourself is like trying to bite your own

[PÁGINA 313]