=== CHUNK 77 de 195 ===
=== Caracteres: 2899 ===

.
2.Impractical strategy exists in frenzied ways that go
nowhere, ways that suggest provocation is the only point.
3.You exist to help ideas exist in people’s minds, then in their
lives.

[PÁGINA 273]

4.Not everyone’s reason to exist involves sounding like an
academic brain on cocaine.
5.When a thought-bully accosts the strategist with 'You’re so
existential,' the correct response is, 'Yes. That’s why I
exist.'
Chapter 18 | Quotes From Pages 128-135
1.Empathy is a strategist’s superpower, but empathy
can lose you in other people’s emotions.
2.To not answer every question in the first person…
especially when the question is about other people.
3.Empathy imports truths from other people’s realities to
make insights stir within the strategist’s mind, and it writes
what it finds without indicting what it finds.
4.There are as many ways to see the world as there are tribes
in the world. This makes empathy one of the wonders of
the world.
5.Spending too much time in other people’s emotions is a
risk. It can make you lose sight of what you think about
life.

[PÁGINA 274]



[PÁGINA 275]

Chapter 19 | Quotes From Pages 136-142
1.Feelings Are Clues
2.Good creative leadership isn’t just managing the 'creative'
department. It’s exalting the creativity of all worker bees.
3.When strategy works, colleagues will feel the echoes of the
strategist’s feelings, but the feelings will crescendo with a
poke to the brain and a subsequent adrenaline rush.
4.To make feelings central to all discussions of strategy is a
hazard. People like to hide from feelings.
5.If you believe in the strategy work, the first stop is to treat
these obstacles as puzzles, not as slights to your
intelligence.
6.Over time, you’ll see a pattern. Clients and colleagues who
can interact on the level of feelings will initiate an
uncommon depth in their conversations, and this depth will
lead to a livelier and longer relationship.
Chapter 20 | Quotes From Pages 143-149
1.But the word 'drama' is yours to reclaim.
2.You didn’t see that coming, did you?

[PÁGINA 276]

3.If you ever feel stuck in reams of research, just ask yourself
'Where’s the drama in this?'.
4.Unexpected events lead to unexpected ideas, and questions
can make unexpected drama happen.
5.Your job isn’t information. It’s the inner life of the
information, the tenuous tension between clusters of
information that don’t seem to belong together but can if
you playwright them to.
Chapter 21 | Quotes From Pages 150-156
1.In evil hands, information is a killer.
2.Information bullies exist. They seek to reduce the world
and everyone in it to a series of formulae.
3.No single number can prove the universe. It will prove
yours.
4.Data worship makes information an airplane without a
flight path or a pilot.
5.The problem is focusing so much on data and information
that knowledge and wisdom don’t get time to happen.

[PÁGINA 277]



[PÁGINA 278]