=== CHUNK 73 de 195 ===
=== Caracteres: 2772 ===

s of romanticism on
love.
- Gary Chapman introduces the concept of the Five Love
Languages, elucidating different ways individuals express
and receive love.
2.
Creativity and Innovation:

[PÁGINA 253]

- Edward de Bono's "The Use of Lateral Thinking"
emphasizes creative problem-solving techniques.
- Julia Cameron's "The Artist's Way" serves as a guide for
nurturing creativity.
3.
Psychology and Emotional Well-being:
- Daniel H. Pink explores motivation in his book "Drive."
- Victor Frankl's "Man’s Search for Meaning" highlights
the importance of finding purpose in life, especially in the
face of suffering.
4.
Business and Sales Strategies:
- Brent Adamson et al. challenge traditional sales practices
in "The End of Solution Sales."
- Erin Meyer discusses cultural differences in business
interactions in "The Culture Map."
5.
Cultural Insights:
Install Bookey App to Unlock Full Text and
Audio
- Richard D. Lewis provides insights on managing
cross-cultural interactions in "When Cultures Collide."

[PÁGINA 254]



[PÁGINA 255]

Best Quotes from Strategy Is Your
Words by Mark Pollard with Page
Numbers
View on Bookey Website and Generate Beautiful Quote Images
Chapter 1 | Quotes From Pages 1-18
1.A lot of running; too little play.
2.What I’m talking about is actually a system or culture. I
don’t mean that the level of technical skills are low. I just
mean there is a cultural void that needs to be filled.
3.To play a game, you need a goal, rewards, rules, an
opponent, somewhere to play, and something with which to
play.
4.Beautiful creative companies build themselves on
behaviors that serve the creative mind.
5.Enough running. It’s time to play.
Chapter 2 | Quotes From Pages 19-21
1.If you live a strategy life, you live in a constant
rummage for meaning.
2.Your cravings for clarity hurtle you in every direction.

[PÁGINA 256]

3.Truth is dangerous when it glares back, and there is always
more truth to find.
4.You’re a maniac for meaning, but your binges turn to
driftwood as listless phases tempt you from your quest.
5.Because a strategist might feel like a lone wolf foraging in
the forests of capitalism, years of meetings and workshops
and business-speak can loosen your grip on your internal
compass.
6.You realize your hysterical quest for truth out there was one
way to hide from the truth in here.
7.Now you know how to survive it. Practice, publishing, and
a gang keep the bedrock clear and the tethers strong.
8.Your strategy life’s hell-bent rummage for meaning
becomes your life bent, and strategy work is life’s work.
Chapter 3 | Quotes From Pages 22-28
1.Meaning is what you make of it.
2.If you do strategy work and if you believe you cannot make
your own meaning in life, you’ll keep your brain in a
torture chamber.

[PÁGINA 257]