=== CHUNK 43 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 2209 ===

ypotheses
proved to be true. We show these relationships in Figure 3.2.
Figure 3.2: Westrum Organizational Culture’s Outcomes
CONSEQUENCES OF WESTRUM‘S THEORY FOR
TECHNOLOGY ORGANIZATIONS

[PÁGINA 65]

For modern organizations that hope to thrive in the face of increasingly
rapid technological and economic change, both resilience and the ability to
innovate through responding to this change are essential. Our research into
the application of Westrum’s theory to technology shows that these two
characteristics are connected. Initially developed to predict safety
outcomes, our research shows it also predicts both software delivery and
organizational performance. is makes sense, because safety outcomes are
performance outcomes in a healthcare setting. By extending this to
technology, we expected this type of organizational culture to positively
impact software delivery and organizational performance. is mirrors
research performed by Google into how to create high-performing teams.
e Delivery Performance Construct
In Chapter 2, we said that delivery performance combines four metrics:
lead time, release frequency, time to restore service, and change fail rate.
When performing cluster analysis, all four metrics together meaningfully
classify and discriminate among our high, medium, and low performers.
at is, all four measures are good at categorizing teams. However, when
we tried to turn these four metrics into a construct, we ran into a problem:
the four measures don’t pass all of the statistical tests of validity and
reliability. Analysis showed that only lead time, release frequency, and
time to restore together form a valid and reliable construct. us, in the
rest of book, when we talk about software delivery performance it is defined
using only the combination of those three metrics. Also, when software
delivery performance is shown to correlate with some other construct, or
when we talk about predictions involving software delivery performance,
we’re only talking about the construct as defined and measured this way.
Note, however, that change fail rate is strongly correlated with the
software delivery performance construct, which means that in most cases,

[PÁGINA 66]