=== CHUNK 71 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 2740 ===

ng of the regulation (for instance, in the case of PCI
DSS) or by auditors. However, implementing this control does not
require the use of a CAB or separate operations team. ere are two

[PÁGINA 106]

mechanisms which can be effectively used to satisfy both the letter and
the spirit of this control.
First, when any kind of change is committed, somebody who wasn’t
involved in authoring the change should review it either before or
immediately following commit to version control. is can be somebody
on the same team. is person should approve the change by recording
their approval in a system of record such as GitHub (by approving the
pull request) or a deployment pipeline tool (by approving a manual stage
immediately following commit).
Second, changes should only be applied to production using a fully
automated process that forms part of a deployment pipeline.1 at is, no
changes should be able to be made to production unless they have been
committed to version control, validated by the standard build and test
process, and then deployed through an automated process triggered
through a deployment pipeline. As a result of implementing a
deployment pipeline, auditors will have a complete record of which
changes have been applied to which environments, where they come
from in version control, what tests and validations have been run against
them, and who approved them and when. A deployment pipeline is, thus,
particularly valuable in the context of safety-critical or highly regulated
industries.
Logically, it’s clear why approval by external bodies is problematic.
After all, software systems are complex. Every developer has made a
seemingly innocuous change that took down part of the system. What are
the chances that an external body, not intimately familiar with the
internals of a system, can review tens of thousands of lines of code change
by potentially hundreds of engineers and accurately determine the impact
on a complex production system? is idea is a form of risk management

[PÁGINA 107]

theater: we check boxes so that when something goes wrong, we can say
that at least we followed the process. At best, this process only introduces
time delays and handoffs.
We think that there’s a place for people outside teams to do effective
risk management around changes. However, this is more of a governance
role than actually inspecting changes. Such teams should be monitoring
delivery performance and helping teams improve it by implementing
practices that are known to increase stability, quality, and speed, such as
the continuous delivery and Lean management practices described in this
book.
1 For more on deployment pipelines, see https://continuousdelivery.com/implementing/patterns/.

[PÁGINA 108]