=== CHUNK 41 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 1967 ===

st step, we conducted several analyses to ensure our survey
measures were valid and reliable. ese analyses included tests for
discriminant validity, convergent validity, and reliability.

[PÁGINA 62]

Discriminant validity: making sure that items that are not
supposed to be related are actually unrelated (e.g., that items that we
believe are not capturing organizational culture are not, in fact,
related to it).
Convergent validity: making sure that items that are supposed to
be related are actually related (e.g., if measures are supposed to
measure organizational culture, they do measure it).
Reliability: making sure the items are read and interpreted
similarly by those who take the survey. is is also referred to as
internal consistency.
Taken together, validity and reliability analyses confirm our measures
and come before any additional analyses to test for relationships, like
correlation or prediction. For more on validity and reliability, refer to
Chapter 13. Additional information about the statistical tests used to
confirm validity and reliability can be found in Appendix C.
Our research has consistently found our Westrum construct—an
indicator of the level of organizational culture that prioritizes trust and
collaboration in the team—to be both valid and reliable.1 is means you
can use these questions in your surveys too. To calculate the “score” for
each survey response, take the numerical value (1-7) corresponding to the
answer to each question and calculate the mean across all questions. en
you can perform statistical analysis on the responses as a whole.
Culture enables information processing through three mechanisms.
First, in organizations with a generative culture, people collaborate more
effectively and there is a higher level of trust both across the organization
and up and down the hierarchy. Second, “generative culture emphasizes the
mission, an emphasis that allows people involved to put aside their

[PÁGINA 63]