=== CHUNK 149 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 2209 ===

he way something is done) and practice (doing
something that requires knowledge and judgment). For example, Scrum
rituals are process; the act of understanding customer needs and writing

[PÁGINA 212]

the code is practice. So, when teams have a standard way of work, whether
that work is to release effective code or to conduct a team stand-up
meeting, following that standard saves a lot of time and energy. At ING,
standard work is established not by imitating a way of work that is
prescribed in a book or used successfully by another company. Instead, a
team within ING experiments with different approaches and agrees upon
the one best way to do the work. at rhythm and routine is spread to all
similar teams. As conditions change, the standard is reevaluated and
improved.
We catch up with Jannes as he concludes his day with a visit to the
Leadership Obeya—to add a few Post-It note updates and to see what
updates have been made by others. We ask about his thoughts on the
journey they’ve been on. “e beginning insight was that our teams were
not learning and not improving,” he shared. “We were not able to get them
to a level where they would be a continuously learning team. I saw that they
wrestled with problems and other teams had solutions, and we were not
able to bring them together to learn. When we were not able to learn as
management, we were not able to help the teams to learn. We had to learn
ourselves to become a learning team. We [his management team]
experienced our own learning, then we went to the teams to help them
learn to become a learning team.”
We then asked about his approach to culture change. “Before, I never
discussed culture,” he said. “It was a difficult topic and I did not know how
to change it in a sustainable way. But I learned that when you change the
way you work, you change the routines, you create a different culture.”
“Senior management is very happy with us,” he adds with a broad smile,
obviously proud of the people in his tribes. “We give them speed with
quality. Sometimes, we may take a little longer than some of the others to
reach green, but once we achieve it, we tend to stay green, when a lot of the
others go back to red.”

[PÁGINA 213]