=== CHUNK 77 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 2684 ===

uous
delivery on the Bing team, engineers reported work/life balance
satisfaction scores of just 38%. After implementing these technical
practices, the scores jumped to 75%. e difference is striking. It means
the technical staff were better able to manage their professional duties
during work hours, they didn’t have to do deployment processes
manually, and they were able to keep the stresses of work at work.
While deployment pain can be an indication that software
development and delivery is not sustainable in your organization, it is also
a concern when development and test teams have no idea what
deployments are like. If your teams have no visibility into code
deployments—that is, if you ask your teams what software deployments
are like and the answer is, “I don’t know . . . I’ve never thought about it!”—

[PÁGINA 116]

that’s another warning that software delivery performance could be low,
because if developers or testers aren’t aware of the deployment process,
there are probably barriers hiding the work from them. And barriers that
hide the work of deployment from developers are rarely good, because
they isolate developers from the downstream consequences of their work.
We often have developers, and especially operations professionals, ask
us, “What can be done to relieve deployment pain and improve the work of
technical staff?” To answer this question, we included deployment pain in
our research in 2015, 2016, and 2017. Based on our own experiences in
software development and delivery and our time spent talking to people
working with systems, we created a measure to capture how people feel
when code is deployed. Measuring deployment pain ended up being
relatively straightforward: we asked respondents if deployments were
feared, disruptive in their work, or, in contrast, if they were easy and pain-
free.
Our research shows that improving key technical capabilities reduces
deployment pain: teams that implement comprehensive test and
deployment automation; use continuous integration, including trunk-
based development; shift left on security; effectively manage test data; use
loosely coupled architectures; can work independently; and use version
control of everything required to reproduce production environments
decrease their deployment pain.
Put another way, the technical practices that improve our ability to
deliver software with both speed and stability also reduce the stress and
anxiety associated with pushing code to production. ese technical
practices are outlined in Chapters 4 and 5.
Statistical analysis also revealed a high correlation between
deployment pain and key outcomes: the more painful code deployments

[PÁGINA 117]