=== CHUNK 108 de 191 ===
=== Caracteres: 2214 ===

ey work in—what countries they come from, how large
their organizations are, the industry vertical they work in, their job titles,
and their gender (see Chapter 10).
EXPLORATORY ANALYSIS

[PÁGINA 161]

Exploratory analysis is the next level of statistical analysis. is is a broad
categorization that looks for relationships among the data and may include
visualizations to identify patterns in the data. Outliers may also be
detected in this step, though the researchers have to be careful to make
sure that outliers are, in fact, outliers, and not legitimate members of the
group.
Exploratory analyses are a fun and exciting part of the research process.
For those who are divergent thinkers, this is often the stage where new
ideas, new hypotheses, and new research projects are generated and
proposed. Here, we discover how the variables in our data are related and
we look for possible new connections and relationships. However, this
should not be the end for a team that wants to make statements about
prediction or causation.
Many people have heard the phrase “correlation doesn’t imply
causation,” but what does that mean? e analyses done in the exploratory
stage include correlation but not causation. Correlation looks at how
closely two variables move together—or don’t—but it doesn’t tell us if one
variable’s movement predicts or causes the movement in another variable.
Correlation analysis only tells us if two variables move in tandem or in
opposition; it doesn’t tell us why or what is causing it. Two variables
moving together can always be due to a third variable or, sometimes, just
chance.
A fantastic and fun set of examples that highlight high correlations due
to chance can be found at the website Spurious Correlations.1 e author
Tyler Vigen has calculated examples of highly correlated variables that
common sense tells us are not predictive and certainly not causal. For
example, he shows (Figure 12.1) that the per capita cheese consumption is
highly correlated with the number of people who died by becoming tangled
in their bedsheets (with a correlation of 94.71% or r = 0.9471; see footnote
2 on correlations in this chapter). Surely cheese consumption doesn’t cause

[PÁGINA 162]