=== CHUNK 9 de 20 ===
=== Caracteres: 2884 ===

piration (motivation to act). They help
individuals understand complex scenarios and context,
posing not only as lessons but also encouraging courage in
decision-making amidst challenges.

[PÁGINA 30]

Effective Learning Through Shop Talk
In a communal setting, technical professionals share stories
about their experiences—like troubles with a malfunctioning
copier—which encapsulate both humor and learning. These
practical narratives reinforce the importance of
communication and peer learning in technical workplaces.
The Role of Mental Simulation in Problem-Solving
Studies show that mental simulation of past events is more
beneficial than visualizing desired outcomes. Engaging in the
detailed walkthrough of problems enhances coping
capabilities, supporting that real-world problem-solving is
rooted in revisiting effective strategies—not merely
dreaming of success.
Learning Through Engagement
True engagement with stories elicits emotional responses and
enhances retention of key messages. The interaction with
Install Bookey App to Unlock Full Text and
narratives mobilizes individuals to take action, revealing that
Audio
audiences respond better to stories as they’re more personally
relatable than abstract instructions.

[PÁGINA 31]



[PÁGINA 32]

Best Quotes from Made To Stick by Dan
Heath Chip Heath with Page Numbers
View on Bookey Website and Generate Beautiful Quote Images
Chapter1 | Quotes From Pages 37-74
1.No plan survives contact with the enemy.
2.The value of the Intent comes from its singularity. You
can’t have five North Stars, you can’t have five 'most
important goals'.
3.If we do nothing else during tomorrow’s mission, we must
___.
4.Finding the core means stripping an idea down to its most
critical essence.
5.A designer knows he has achieved perfection not when
there is nothing left to add, but when there is nothing left to
take away.
6.You say, 'Tracy, will adding that chicken Caesar salad
make us THE low-fare airline?
7.If you say three things, you don’t say anything.
8.Simple messages are core and compact.

[PÁGINA 33]

9.High-concept pitches tap the power of analogy.
10.A good analogy can wield a lot of power. In fact, in
Hollywood, $100 million movies can be green-lighted
based largely on the strength of a one-sentence analogy.
Chapter2 | Quotes From Pages 75-109
1.‘If I could, I’d publish pages from the phone book
to get names.’
2.‘No one ever does.’
3.‘You might be surprised.’
4.‘To hold people’s interest, we can use the gap theory of
curiosity to our advantage.’
5.‘And as the song goes, there might be fifty ways to leave
your lover.’
Chapter3 | Quotes From Pages 110-141
1.Abstraction makes it harder to understand an idea
and to remember it. It also makes it harder to
coordinate our activities with others, who may
interpret the abstraction in very different ways.
2.Concrete ideas are easier to remember.

[PÁGINA 34]